# Aloemint
The official Aloemint Innovative Systems Inc. profile, also known commonly as "Aloemint Inc.", "Aloemint", or anything else that you'd like to call it. I'm a single-person young-teenage developer who loves to make Operating Systems such as my current focus; Aloemint OS. I've made many other earlier "Operating Systems", not really, but instead, Interactive System Simulations, but Aloemint aims to be built on top of partial disk-simulation as well as partial Random-Access-Memory-based variable simulations; similar to actual existing hardware.

## History
### Beginning
#### My 1st Interactive System - D-Bert OS
I started with my first pseudo-programming language called "Scratch" in 2020. I made my first Operating Sys- wait, no. My first Interactive System Simulation, known as D-Bert OS. Don't ask about the name; it was very bad compared to my standards today. Initially with D-Bert OS, I aimed for some wild ideas, such as using broadcasts for Inter Process Communication, or "BroadKernel" that I called, which every starter OS used. I also aimed for a skeuomorphic interface, using glossy gradients, smooth animations, etc. It was *bad*, I tell you. I ended up with a piece of vaporware; or a piece of crapware as everyone says these days. After that, I made something called "The D-Bert Base Project", where everything was *practically changed*. The interface was still somewhat skeuomorphic, but I decided to go into the neomorphic world, alongside many improvements. This, is where I realized that a change *had* to be made.
#### My 2nd Interactive System - Schnauzer OS
Then came the day where I made a new interactive system called "Schnauzer OS", also known internally as XenoType. It was a huge project for me at the time, spanning to be 2000+ blocks! It isn't nearly as huge as other advanced and sophisticated (*RAM-simulated & Disk-Simulated*) Operating Systems such as Xenon OS and Poly OS, which I was jealous of. People barely knew me at all, so I tried to make more incrementational versions of Schnauzer OS up until 1.3.2, where I decided to stop Schnauzer OS. I actually still have it up as a historical record, and you can find it on my oldest Scratch profile, if you can!
#### My 3rd Interactive System - Spearmint OS
After that, I decided that I wouldn't get as much popularity if I made something *unique & skeuomorphic*, so I decided to get back to work and develop something new; a graphical internally non-realistic Interactive System fit with very few core applications such as "Clock", "Files", "Music", & "Settings". This had become my *most popular project to date*, gaining up to one hundred downloads! And, it was called Spearmint OS. People liked it because of the user interface, while some people hated it because it wasn't sophisticated enough and also because it used the *very* outdated BroadKernel. After Alpha #1, which was the public version that I posted, I got to work on Alpha #2. Unfortunately, I had encountered Development Hell soon enough, and that was the end of Spearmint OS and Spearmint Inc. Then, I realized that a new eco-friendly, minimalist OS could arise.
### Moving On
#### Aloemint - An Operating System
Once I had realized how the popularity of Spearmint had rised; I had been blown away. Only being my former self didn't help, as I had already reached *lots* of conflicts. I'll admit; I was a pretty angry person back then by making D-Bert OS & Schnauzer OS proprietary, but people remixed it. I practically turned into fire on those days. That was until Spearmint OS came along where I realized that remixing & building-upon was important! So, that's where I decided to create Aloemint and here I am. I'm currently on the development of Fexon; a vFirmware Interface designed entirely within TurboWarp's graphical user interface feature-packed while remaining minimal in size! Still am I under development of Aloemint OS, but for what the future holds; I'm excited!

## Projects
### Aloemint
Aloemint, also known internally as Seafoam is an Operating System that is set within TurboWarp; a mod of Scratch's, boundaries. Aloemint is planned to be released during New Year of Two-Thousand Twenty-Six in order to accomodate & have well-rounded development time for such a substantial project. If you'd like to support me; why not take a look at my Aloemint profile on the Scratch website: even better, kindly follow me? [Visit it here!](https://www.scratch.mit.edu/users/Aloemint) Your support matters to me massively!
### Fexon
Fexon, also internally known as "vFirmware" is a simplistic firmware interface designed, again, entirely within the boundries of TurboWarp, but even lower; Scratch. Development of Fexon is going steadily, being able to develop on low-end hardware doesn't help me much at all. Yet, it helps to even make some progess on Fexon with the situation that I go with. Currently, it is in the state of a text engine, but I've been implementing ways to improve my workflow in my development environment!
